Add Space management trough OIDC Claims (#1162)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/deployment/services/s-list/proxy.adoc

* If enabled and a user is not assigned a claim with defined spaces and roles, the user can only access his personal space.
====

If required, users can be assigned or removed to Spaces via OIDC claims. This makes central user/Space management easy. Managed via environment variables, administrators can define the claim to use, a regex ruleset to extract the Space IDs and roles from a claim for provisioning. It is also possible to manually map OIDC roles to Infinite Scale Space roles. Note that assigning works both ways. Users can be added to Spaces as well as removed. Users must log out and log in again to activate any changes. The relevant environment variables that manage Spaces through OIDC claims follow the `OCIS_CLAIM_MANAGED_SPACES_xxx` pattern. See xref:maintenance/space-ids/space-ids.adoc[Listing Space IDs] for how to obtain the ID of a Space.

[NOTE]
====
The following rules apply if enabled:

* If the claim is not found, it is not considered but the incident is logged.

> * A faulty regex prevents the proxy service to start. By this, admins can immediately identify a major configuration issue. The incident is logged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A faulty regex prevents the proxy service from starting. By this, admins can immediately identify a major configuration issue. The incident is logged.
```
